{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red80\green78\blue78;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh10060\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 We all have the experience of making an appointment to see a doctor, and it has been the same procedure for decades. Imagine a system that could help you to look after your health, from finding you the most convenient appointment, managing your health records to keeping track of your everyday health life. \

\f1 \

\b The problem
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Booking appointments for clinics can be a difficult task. There are two methods that people usually employ to book an appointment. First they can contact the clinic by phone and find the next available time through verbal communication or try their luck and just walk-in to the clinic and hope that there is a short queue waiting. However, these methods are very inefficient. </br> </br> \
\
Talking on the phone could lead to misunderstanding as it is not visual but verbal. People could misunderstand the time for appointment due to bad reception or poor listening. Furthermore, for some people who have multiple bookings with several clinics it could be hard to keep track of all of them. </br> </br> \
\
Another problem is that when we go to see a new doctor, we waste precious time by explaining to them what conditions we have had before (your medical history) and the doctors will take notes and file up the report. Additionally, we sometimes need to bring the report to another doctor for further examination. This process can easily become messy and lead to errors if the documents were not delivered correctly.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\

\b The user
\b0 \

\f0  A hypothesis persona was used throughout the design process making sure the end product fits the needs of the user.  It reflects the problems in a practical way during the envision stage. \

\f1 \

\f0  Aside from the persona, several interviews and discussions were conducted with health professionals; including two doctors, an optometrist, and a physiotherpist. The interviews helped me to gain a better understandings of how current systems lack of and the needs of both the medical team and the patient. \
\
Several real life cases were addressed during the interview. The general practitioner mentioned that when working with chronic illness patients, the health team would always ask their patients to measure their blood pressure and blood sugar level every day and write on a notebook to bring back for follow-up. However this method is not instant and often elder patients would forget. \
\
The optometrist also shared that, often when they ask patients what medications they\'92re currently taking, they would bring in a piece of paper with scribbles- which can lead to misunderstanding. For patients with conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, her team would attach test result and refer them to specialist. If would be easier for them if there a system that the health team could attach photos or PDF on the cloud to communicate with each other. \
\
\

\f1 \
\

\b Project vision
\b0 \

\f0 - Quicker booking\
- Medical History\
- Progress tracking \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The patient gets to have better access to different clinics and is able to see which clinic is the most suitable at current stage. It saves the time ringing several clinics as the web app provides the information that the patient needs to know before making an appointment. Also it creates a platform for communication before the appointment or additional enquiries after seeing the doctor.   \
\
Organising personal health data in the right place is another aspect of this project. It stores information such as health report, x-ray films, daily blood pressure data, prescription\'85and many more. The user could easily share personal heath information to the doctor prior to the appointment as well as for self-review purposes.  \
\
The system helps the user to set goals or track improvement of own health through handing in more control of personal health information. It can be used by a health team or caretakers to track progress int the treatment of patients with chronic diseases; or for people who simply want to be more aware of own health condition and living a healthier lifestyle. 
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f0 \

\f1 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 PROTOTYPING
\b0 \

\f0 After brainstorming the ideas and set up the goals for this project, I began with sketching up some wireframes to go through the user journey. Going through the user flow helps me to experience how the user uses the product, to validate whether my initial ideas were viable. \
\
First, I realised it should not be only an ipad app as people use different devices. The design needs to be responsive so that it would not be exclusive to the iPad users only. More people can access it in their own devices. In addition, a responsive web application is more accessible to many people as not everyone would go to app store to find out what to download. A web app could be easily shared and access. \
\
\
In addition, I also conducted user tests with family friends and included a few health professions at this stage to received some feedbacks. The user feedback which gave me an insight to identify the user behaviour and to know what are the important information the user needs to know. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 \
RETROSPECTIVE\
-user feedback is important\
I feel very fortunate to have all the people around me helping me with this project and giving me lots feedbacks, especially my friends from health professions. Initially when I started I did a lot of research, however being able to hear from them helped me to see the gap in current systems. Also as a designer I learnt to ask questions and find out not just what they want but translate their needs into my design.\
\
- sketch 3 \
This is the first project I do that Sketch 3 was heavily used. I learnt about this program a couple of months ago therefore didn\'92t use it as much since I was quite comfortable with illustrator and photoshop. It did take a bit of challenges to switch to a new software in my design flow and took longer than usual; as a lot of the times I was still exploring the software and find out what\'92s available. I certainly enjoy learning this new tool designed especially for UI design. \
\
- Organising information\
For me, the most challenging part of this project was to effectively organise all the content and functionality into the right places. At the start I had a lot of ideas about what the app could do, however as I drew out the sketches I discovered that displaying too much information all at once could somehow be a bit overwhelming for the user. \
\
As the project aims to not only book appointments but also store health records, I had to make sure the more important information are at a higher visual hierarchy and keep the secondary functions in tabs.}